>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're gonna move
forward with a similar idea of going
through lists and transforming them.
We are gonna through in a function now.
So this function is called
CreateSuspectObjects.
And what does it return?
Who feels like they've been neglected?
Avoid my eye contact
if you feel neglected.
[LAUGH] That's forcing you to
actually look at me, that's so funny.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What about,
I feel like we chat a lot, but
maybe I don't call on you as much, so
maybe you guys are neglected over here.
What does this function return?
>> Speaker 2: It looks like it returns
an object, but there's a lot going on.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, what makes you
think that it's returning an object?
>> Speaker 2: Honestly,
the curly brackets-
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 2: And the object
properties that we're looking at here.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
ding ding ding, exactly.
>> Speaker 2: So, yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool, so
we're returning an object.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: We're finding some
properties on this object, right?
We have three properties,
we have a name property.
And this name's getting passed in, right?
So we have just this function and it spits
out an object, when you give it a name and
it figures out it's color by splitting
the name at the space and
getting the second one.
So Scarlet, Mustard, White and then it has
a speak function where it says its name.
Yeah, so we have this colon
syntax here that's the object literal
syntax that we were looking at earlier.
Often on the side, right we've been
working a lot with dynamic properties
adding things after we
initialize the object.
But here's just an object
giving it to you all at once.
But it's the same thing.
The key here is that there's
some curly brackets.
We don't see any key words
around it like function or if or
something like that, that may make
it feel like it's something else.
And also, we can't return things if and
things like that, but
we can return functions.
Cool, and then,
we have an array of suspects.
So we have some more suspects now.
We have Colonel Mustard on the scene.
Wonder what happened to Rusty.
I don't know.
So
>> Bianca Gandolfo: can someone spot
the difference?
>> Speaker 2: [LAUGH] Is it that
you called a speak immediately?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There is something
different about speak, I will admit.
>> Speaker 2: It's a method
on the object now?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah,
so this is a method.
This is an ES6 feature where
we can add methods like this,
no colons, just straight on there.
Works the same, no surprises, not
an error function or anything like that,
just a regular function, so there you go.
There you have some ES6, okay.
>> Speaker 3: Like need
the function keyword for speak.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Nope,
not in this case.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah, all right.
All right, so
we're initializing the empty suspects
list and, actually before I give it away.
What we wanna do is, we wanna
initialize each suspect into an object.
I call this like hydration,
like we're hydrating data into an object.
It's not the most,
I'm not using it very academically
when I say that though like people have
opinions on what hydration is and isn't.
In this case, when I say we're hydrating
an object, that means we're just taking
a data, a piece of data and we're turning
it into some data structure, right?
And your applications, you probably
have a view model or something.
You guys work with view
models at work maybe, and
you have some data coming in or
even just a model, right?
You've some data coming in
either from the backend or
if in the case of your view model maybe
you have data coming in from a user.
Who knows?
And to me, I would say that when we take
that data and we turn it into an object or
like a class, that's like hydrating it.
Does anyone else?
I hear some people use it like that, but
I also hear people using it
in a lot of different ways.
Does that make sense?
Have you guys taken data and
turned it into a class or an object?
Yeah, can I just see if that's
something people have done?
Okay, okay.
Cool.
So that's what we're going to do here.
So this function is kind of like a class.
In JavaScript, classes really are just
functions that return objects.
So this is really a class
in as much as using the keyword new or
whatever is a class,
except in this case we don't have
to worry about the keyword this.
Who really understands the keyword this?
I do, cuz I teach it,
but most people don't.
So we're not doing that today,
because that just a whole other
tangent that I would love to get in.
I think I actually have in one
of my courses, actually I think
in data structures and algorithms course,
if you wanna learn about the keyword this.
That's one of the very first, I do
an object oriented programming piece and
you can look into that and
look at the different styles.
Anyway, so we're gonna hydrate this list.
What do we do?
So we have the suspectslist, which needs
to be a list of objects created from
the create suspect objects function.
Are you guys following me here?
I'm saying suspects a lot and
it is very difficult.
So we want Miss Scarlet to have a function
with a name property that
says Miss Scarlet, right?
When we say Miss Scarlet.speak,
I want it to say,
my name is Miss Scarlet,
that kind of thing, yeah?
We're good?
Okay, what do we do?
How do we do it?
Do we use destructuring here?
No, I'm just kidding.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: What do we do?
How about this corner?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cameron's like,
don't look at me.
[LAUGH] Christina?
Could just take a stab at it.
>> Speaker 4: Well, if you said
>> Speaker 4: Miss Scarlet
>> Speaker 4: .speak, it should.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah we will need it,
initialize it first.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
basically, what needs to happen,
is we need to pass this
string to this function, so
that we have an object
that has Miss Scarlet with
the name that should say Scarlet, etc.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: That make sense?
>> Speaker 4: CreateSuspectsObjects,
you mean calling the function?
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Yeah.
>> Speaker 4: Okay, great.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: So
we'll do CreateSuspectObjects.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And then what?
>> Speaker 4: And then,
the name, Miss Scarlet.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: But
let's get it out of our suspects.
>> Speaker 4: Yeah.
Okay, it's 0, yeah.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Something like that.
Yeah, so we call it like that.
Of course, this isn't gonna work.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Okay, do I have
any typos?
>> Speaker 4: Naming split still says one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: It should say one,
I think.
>> Speaker 4: Well for zero and one.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Cool.
Is it gonna work?
Is it gonna explode?
Ahh.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: There we are.
There's our hydrated
object with Miss Scarlet.
Cool.
Straight forward.
Awesome.
So we can loop through our list and,
I kinda messed up my indentation,
but we can look through our list, right?
So we start at 0, we go all the way
up to the length of the suspects,
we increment each time, right?
That's what this says.
And we're gonna assign a suspect, right?
Maybe you wanna say let here, right?
Cuz we're gonna reassign it
>> Bianca Gandolfo: And
we're gonna pass CreateSuspectsObjects,
suspects at one or sorry at I.
Then we're gonna push suspect
into the suspectsList.
>> Bianca Gandolfo: Seem fair?
So we're looping through a collection,
hydrating it, creating instances of these
objects, suspect objects.
Cool.
Have you guys done this
kinda thing before?
Yeah, okay.
Cool.
Here's that with the last line.
Combined, so
we just say CreateSuspectsObjects,
suspects at i and put that inside a push.